README.md, before:

[![Deploy a cluster with defaults](https://github.com/shiftstack/ci-configs/actions/workflows/deploy-default-cloud.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/shiftstack/ci-configs/actions/workflows/deploy-default-cloud.yaml)

# CI Configs

This repository is used to provision our OpenStack clusters so we can run our OpenShift CI jobs
against them.

## How to use

```
./provision.sh <cluster-name>
```

The cluster name has to be a valid config in  [`configs`](./configs) (e.g. default-cloud).

## Configs

The files in [`configs`](./configs) directory are [`dev-install`](https://github.com/shiftstack/dev-install) overrides,
where we define a specific configuration for each cluster.

## Secrets

This directory is encrypted and is used to store `clouds.yaml`, passwords and the SSH private key.

Usage:
Install [git-crypt](https://github.com/AGWA/git-crypt):
```
sudo dnf install git-crypt
```

After cloning this repository, run:
```
git-crypt unlock
```

To add a new collaborator:
```
git-crypt add-gpg-user USER_ID
```

Note: Before commiting anything, inspect the status with `git-crypt status`.

Commit message:

Add script to deprovision an OSP deployment
This script will make sure we unregister RHSM when deploying on RHEL,
remove the server from Nova and then remove the config files from
ci-configs.

README.md, after:

[![Deploy a cluster with defaults](https://github.com/shiftstack/ci-configs/actions/workflows/deploy-default-cloud.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/shiftstack/ci-configs/actions/workflows/deploy-default-cloud.yaml)

# CI Configs

This repository is used to provision our OpenStack clusters so we can run our OpenShift CI jobs
against them.

## How to use

To provision a server:
```
./provision.sh <cluster-name>
```

To remove a server:
```
./deprovision.sh <cluster-name>
```

The cluster name has to be a valid config in  [`configs`](./configs) (e.g. default-cloud).

## Configs

The files in [`configs`](./configs) directory are [`dev-install`](https://github.com/shiftstack/dev-install) overrides,
where we define a specific configuration for each cluster.

## Secrets

This directory is encrypted and is used to store `clouds.yaml`, passwords and the SSH private key.

Usage:
Install [git-crypt](https://github.com/AGWA/git-crypt):
```
sudo dnf install git-crypt
```

After cloning this repository, run:
```
git-crypt unlock
```

To add a new collaborator:
```
git-crypt add-gpg-user USER_ID
```

Note: Before commiting anything, inspect the status with `git-crypt status`.
